Arthur anorexic in extra no clearly
anorexic SAR from anorexia
it's not even oops I did it again it's
like oops now I'm the neighbor from
married with children I think you look
so much just because you know he's
trying to find the look that just says
not gay I don't know that he's the
original metrosexual because British
guys in general you know have been
borderline for centuries you know with
their powdered wigs and their very shiny
pens and buckles
I'm with you on your dating life man man
you know what you know people think it's
really easy today's a comic and it kinda
is it I should say you know here's the
thing no I go out when I go out I wish
girls were more like cats because you
could tell when the cats in heat right
don't you what you go out to a bar and
chicks will be in a bar like you know
like wow part of me that respects Halle
Berry you know for the remaining calm
and remaining a classy classy lady and
then there's a part of me that wishes
just gone ghetto on like she'd been like
Joel I don't know what's happening but
these mop clothes let me in the mouth
damn from me I'm gonna slap somebody's
there's like a rubber band so you live
alone I do I live alone yeah you like
living alone I like living alone there's
nobody there to you know talk I'm
singing although you know what I have a
neighbor and I didn't realize they could
hear me and I was singing along with
that stupid song you know and I just cuz
you look like a lesbian doesn't mean yes
Greg Wilson out of you're naughty it's
really funny hilarious
he's hilarious he's a total hottie